[doc] Document the Service Translation algorithm (#3116)
CanalTP/navitia: documentation/slate/source/includes/stuff.md

When specifying a service in the data through `calendar.txt` and `calendar_dates.txt`, you might get surprised to see a different result from Navitia's response.

```shell
# Navitia's interpreted service response
{
    "calendars": [
       {
            "active_periods": [
                {
                    "begin": "20200101",
                    "end": "20200130"
                }
            ],
            "week_pattern": {
                "monday": false,
                "tuesday": false,
                "wednesday": false,
                "thursday": false,
                "friday": false,
                "saturday": true,
                "sunday": true
            },
            "exceptions": [
                {
                    "type": "remove",
                    "datetime": "20200127"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
```

For instance, if you have a trip that:

-   occurs every Saturday of January 2020 (in your `calendar.txt`)
-   has 3 exceptions that `add` the service the first 3 Sundays (`calendar_dates.txt`)

You might expect to have that same exact representation for your `/vehicle_journeys`, but instead you find something different.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe move here the code block with "Navitia's interpreted service response"

Author: That's what I did at first but the rendering was weird as the code gets displayed on the right hand side of the web page. 
I agree it makes more sense when you read the code, but when looking at the rendered HTML page, it's much better up there :/

Reviewer: Ok !

You expected to have 3 `add` exceptions but you only have 1 `remove`. Also, the week pattern is set to `true` on Sunday even though your `calendar.txt` said Saturday only.

This is due to a re-interpretation of the service pattern, with one specific goal :

<aside class="notice">

>  Navitia interprets the input service with the **least** number of exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Navitia analyze the input service and compute an equivalent pair of (week_pattern, exceptions) but with the **smallest** number of exceptions
```

</aside>

> This means that Navitia will try to re-organise the input data, to produce a smaller and more comprehensive response that respects the integrity of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that Navitia will re-organise the input data, to produce a smaller and more comprehensive response that respects the semantics of the input data.
```
